\section{Introduction}
How to reach a consensus with Byzantine type failure is the main
problem of blockchain technologies. Bitcoin blockchain uses PoW with
incentives \cite{bitcoin}. Majority of public blockchain (or permission-less
blockchain) has the same type of consensus mechanism. Another way to
establish a consensus is to use BFT protocols, which is a major
mechanism for local/enterprise blockchain (or permissioned
system). Some PoS type blockchain technologies use BFT as well to
improve the transaction rate.

The proposed system is based on the Byzantine quorum system introduced
by Malhi and Reiter \cite{Delhi:1}. We construct a $b$-masking quorum
system based on Web of Trust graph. We also introduce quorum certificates
combined with a threshold authentication scheme to protect data from
unauthorized mutation. Unlike a centeralized PKI such as X.509, quorum
certificates are verified according to a dynamic graph constructed
independently at each node. With the strong authentication scheme and
flexible certificate mechanism, the system allows anyone to join /
leave the network freely without any authorization process.

Another key aspect of blockchain technologies is the global
distributed ledger. Bitcoin blockchain uses hash chain -- transactions
in a specific period are all hashed together with the hash value of
the previous block. All bitcoin nodes maintain copies of only one
global chain, i.e., global ledger.
The proposed system uses a distributed key-value store with the TOFU
(Trust on First Use) policy, that is, the first use of a key locks out
others from mutating the value associated with the key. Only the
user who has written the key-value first will posses the right to
update the value. Also it supports WRITE ONCE permission which
gurantees that once a value is written it will never be modified in
any way. This special permission will be preferable especially for
blockchain technologies.
The system does not guarantee absolute consistency. Also the order of
transactions for different keys does not matter. The system does not
even provide eventual consistency among individual nodes. Instead, it
has a property such as: $READ(Q_1, x) = READ(Q_2, x), \forall Q_1, Q_2
\in QS$, that is, the consistency is established collectively with
quorum systems.

Smart contracts play an important role in some blockchain technologies
such as Etherium and Fabric. As the proposed system is a simple
key-value store, it does not provide a platform for smart contracts at
the moment. Also, the system itself does not provide any incentive
mechanism to discourage nodes to do malicious actions, or to encourage
to participate the consensus process. The system has a robust
revocation scheme but it does not answer for a question like why would
one want to run a node? Although all transactions keep a proof of good
or bad actions for each node therefore it will be straightforward to
map it to economic incenstives and penalties, we defer fintech
discussions to an application layer.
